6) ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING A STREAK; SCORING: Your Streak is measured by the number of correct predictions you make, subject to the following: You will achieve a Streak of one (1) upon your first correct Pick (i.e., your Pick is credited with a hit), so long as your Pick had at least one (1) official at-bat or one (1) sacrifice fly. Such a correct Pick is referred to as a " Hit ." Your Streak will increase by (a) one (1) with each next Hit or (b) two (2) as described in "Double Down Feature" below. Your Streak will hold at its then current-number under any of the following scenarios (each such scenario, a " Pass "): A. your Pick does not make an official at-bat appearance, does not make a sacrifice fly, or does not play (in the match-up that was specified for your Pick) for any reason; B. all of your Pick's at-bat appearances resulted in a base on balls, hit batsman, defensive interference or obstruction, a sacrifice bunt, or a walk (intentional or not); C. the game in which your Pick is scheduled to make an at-bat appearance is suspended and, at the time of suspension, the player has not yet recorded a hit; D. you do not timely submit a Pick; or E. Streak Saver saves your Streak, as described below. If your Pick is neither a Hit nor Pass, your Pick is considered incorrect, also referred to as a " No Hit ." In such case, your Streak will end and revert to zero. In such event, you may establish a new Streak and compete again by submitting further Picks. Double Down Feature: BTS will allow entrants to make two (2) Picks for a particular gameday (" Double Down Pick "), and potentially increase a Streak by two (2), as described below. You may submit a Double Down Pick for any gameday, so long as both of your Picks are recorded prior to their applicable Lock Times. In other words, if you submit one (1) Pick and wish to submit a second prediction for a Double Down Pick, you may only do so if the Lock Time for your first Pick has not yet passed. You may not add a second prediction for a Double Down Pick after the Lock Time of your first prediction has passed. You cannot change either of your Double Down Pick predictions after the earliest applicable Lock Time. In other words, after you submit a Double Down Pick and the Lock Time for the first relevant game has passed, you cannot change the second of your predictions. The outcomes of your Double Down Pick will be scored and impact your Streak as shown in the below table. Pick 1 Outcome Pick 2 Outcome Score Result Hit Hit Streak increases by two (2) No Hit No Hit Streak ends and reverts to zero (0) unless Streak Saver applies Hit No Hit Streak ends and reverts to zero (0) unless Streak Saver applies No Hit Hit Streak ends and reverts to zero (0) unless Streak Saver applies Pass No Hit Streak ends and reverts to zero (0) unless Streak Saver applies No Hit Pass Streak ends and reverts to zero (0) unless Streak Saver applies Hit Pass Streak increases by one (1) Pass Hit Streak increases by one (1) Pass Pass Streak is preserved at then-current score Streak Saver Feature: BTS includes a one-time feature which automatically preserves an entrant's Streak when it would otherwise end and revert to zero as described below (" Streak Saver "). If Streak Saver "saves" your Streak, your Streak is preserved and maintained at your then-current number. Streak Saver does not increase your Streak. Streak Saver is automatically applied to your BTS account the first time you achieve a Streak of ten (10). Streak Saver will function to preserve and “save” your Streak if a Pick you made is deemed a No Hit, provided that your Streak, at the time of the "save," is ten (10) or more but does not exceed fifteen (15). Streak Saver will only "save" your Streak once throughout the entire BTS Entry Period and it will only “save” a Streak that is at ten (10) through fifteen (15). For example: The first time you achieve a Streak of ten (10), Streak Saver is applied to your BTS account. If your next Pick is deemed a No Hit, your Streak of ten (10) will be preserved. Because Streak Saver "saved" your Streak once, Streak Saver is not available for additional use. Your Streak will be lost and revert to zero if and when a subsequent prediction you submit is deemed a No Hit and Streak Saver will not be made available to any future BTS entry or Streak. The first time you achieve a Streak of ten (10), Streak Saver is applied to your BTS account. If your next six (6) Picks are all deemed Hits, you will have increased your Streak to sixteen (16) and Streak Saver will be unused. Your Streak will be lost and revert to zero if and when a subsequent prediction you submit is deemed a No Hit. In this scenario, the unused Streak Saver will remain available for use if and when you next achieve a Streak of at least ten (10). Regarding Suspended Games: For the avoidance of doubt, a Pick is considered a Hit only if the predicted player records a hit on the specific gameday for which the prediction was made and provided that the hit was recorded before any game suspension. Under no circumstances will the activity of the resumed or re-scheduled portion of a suspended MLB game be evaluated for BTS purposes. In other words, if your Pick is involved in a suspended game, your Pick will be deemed a Hit, Pass, or No Hit based on game activity only up until the time of suspension. 